hey guys tons of B2B SAS and tech
companies invest a ton in content
marketing whether that is in-house
resource or paying contractors or
agencies to create articles both at the
top of the sales funnel the middle and
the bottom of the sales funnel to rank
on Google to attract traffic so
prospects having the problem they fix
perhaps looking directly for their type
of solution or maybe comparing
Alternatives but they're hemorrhaging
they're leaking traffic they're leaking
potential leads left right and Center
just because the blogs in terms of the
UI the ux the way these blogs are
designed fail to actually build trust
convert educate and actually be product
L and revenue Focus so I'm going to give
you a nice example from my friends at
Revenue hero we did some work with them
a while back so you can get some ideas
to put in play almost straight away into
your own blog to drive more revenue from
It capture more conversions both at the
top and the bottom of the funnel so if
we look at the revenue hero blog if I
dive into first off a top of funnel
article if we assess it top to bottom so
this is top of funnel this is a howto
like a how-to jobs to be done in this
case how to qualify a lead managing
qualified leads across the funnel
they're looking to rank for the keyword
how to qualify a lead as we can see in
the URL so straight away in the hero
area it's nicely presented it looks cool
they've got a nice decent graphic that's
relevant they've got of course the H1
that has held to qualify lead in and
they've got a summary underneath of
what's going to be in the article
they've got a nice appealing to eat here
experience expertise Authority trust
they've got an image of the author the
name and the date so we scroll down what
I like straight on desktop view is
they've got a fixed table of content so
when you scroll that's fixed to the left
hand side and they've also got a nice
lead magnet so they're not prompting us
to book a demo because they know it's a
top of funnel it's a how-to it's early
stage educational focused article so in
case of ramming a demo down on next
they've got the option to sign up to the
newsletter it says no no spam just acual
tips once a month but you might be able
to put a lead magnet here maybe you've
got a relevant lead magnet to the
article or maybe you want to guide folks
to your podcast or YouTube channel to
stay in your ecosystem and enjoy more
content so as we go through what you'll
notice is the blog's nice and skimmable
so there's lots of wi space it's spaced
out nicely it's easy to consume and as
we scroll down we've got images weaved
in so in this case for this article it's
ICP cards we've got more examples here
so it's not just a wall of text they're
breaking up with images then we've got
it looks like some HubSpot screenshots
that are relevant as we talk through a
nice GIF here explaining the product
literally a gif explaining the product
which is lovely so if you can get
product l in these these articles is is
going to be good it's going to actually
show folks what your products like which
most of us in B2B we don't necessarily
want to speak to a sales bu we want to
get inside that product understand how
it works before we speak to sales again
more screenshots as we go all the text
is nicely broken up plenty of
visuals plenty of clearly summarized
text on what everything means and then
as we scroll to the bottom again here
we've got some looks like some social
proof weaved in from
LinkedIn some more examples of the
product and then there is a cool to
action right at the end so as you'll see
this table of context is fixed to left
and then we've got that top of funnel
option to sign up for newsletter but
yours could be a lead magnet if we
compare that with a bottom of funnel
article so in this case they're looking
to rank top 10 chili Piper Alternatives
so the keyword would be chili Piper
Alternatives or chili Piper competitors
they'd want to rank for this one really
good strategy for B2B SAS looking to
rank for competitor Alternatives or
competitor pricing or competitor reviews
or competitor one versus competitor 2
and typically you want to position your
offer as the Top Choice but sharing your
differentiators in the market why folks
Choose You leveraging insights from
Prospect calls from sales calls from
customer success schols to really dive
into the details of why folks Choose You
compared to competitors and as you
probably know folks usually compare
three four five vendors they make a
short list before they decide and that's
where dark social things like where
they'll start comparing you in their
slack groups communities Zoom calls
internally so if you can get in that
consideration set and start ranking for
competitor alternative or competitive
pric and competitive reviews it's a
great chance to get on that comparison
list so again nice hero area nice image
author visual data is published and
again fixed table of contexts on the
left and this time they've got because
it's bottom of funnel they know that
someone's going to be near nearly ready
to speak to sales if they're reading if
they're looking at competitor
Alternatives they've got an option
straight away to book that
demo so it describes what will happen it
say let increase peline conversions then
option to let's talk which will link to
the demo page book a demo
and then as we scroll through again very
much a product Le article straight away
they've got some screenshots here and in
in the start they're talking about chili
piper then they introduce their
themselves as number one I mean most
folks aren't going to probably scroll
past the first second or third listing
in this typically product listic calls
for competitor alternative pages and
normally top 10 something like that top
20 and most folks aren't going to scroll
past the first three or so so yeah
position your offer is number one in
this case they've got a nice GIF V isual
showing exactly that aha moment of where
you get the quick win with their product
which is spoton so a lot of SAS comanies
can run from this key features that
folks care about Pros then a nice cool
to
action they've got their pricing the
only thing I could say is you might want
to weave in some customer quotes So
maybe you've got a relevant customer
quote maybe someone that moved from
chili Piper so you might have weave in a
YouTube video in bed of a of a customer
that moved from chili Piper to Revenue
hero and their reasons why that might be
nice to to weave in then of course
they've got the CTA and then yeah
they've got the other companies of
course visuals of those with comparisons
pricing thing to remember is to be fair
on your competitors don't bash them use
the facts otherwise you might have a
legal case or a lot of pain on your
backside and yeah as we go through
they've got features summaries Pros cons
of each one and
pricing and then as we go to the bottom
lots of visuals which is nice so it's
not wall of text it's nicely broken down
it's really easy to skim and then
they've got another uh cool to action to
book a demo and then lastly some
relevant articles that you might want to
carry on consuming so yeah main
takeaways are these articles whether
they're top of funnel you might want to
point folks to a lead Magnet or an email
list appreciating that they're more in
education mode they're more more trying
to research your Niche so send them to
more educational content bottom of the
funnel by all means promps book a demo
make sure we've got lots of product
images gifts screenshots maybe even live
demo weaved in plenty of social proof we
want to make these articles skimmable
easy to consume product Le we don't want
someone to land on the article and think
this is bloody hell this is wall of text
this is painful I'm just going to go to
a competitor that gives me a better
experience so those are the main
takeaways folks hope that was useful if
you want more tips like this head over
to Breaking bb.com you can check out the
podcast we're posting actionable tips on
B2B marketing SAS SEO and more every
Monday or check out the newsletter on
breaking mb.com for more insights like
this every weekday and I'll catch you
soon cheers